README.md, before:

# Welcome to weTravel

Created by: Timothy Quirk and Dania Herrera

![](https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel_frontend/blob/master/assets/images/logo2.png)

In this repository you will find the front end for this project built with Javascript. The back end for this project is located in a different repository, located here: https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel.

## Instructions for use

1. If you have not already, please click through to the back end repository, and set up the Rails back end which serves as the API for this project. You may find that here, along with instructions to set up the back end: https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel. You will need to be running the rails server for the front end to function.

2. After forking and cloning this repository from github, switch into your newly cloned folder.

3. Run the command 'open index.html' in your terminal. This will launch the locally hosted website in your browser.

4. Click through the various webpages and feel free to explore the functionality provided by this application.


## Overview  

As a bit of background, this project was build as a part of our third module at the Flatiron School. Our project requirements were that we create our first full stack application using a Rails back end and a Javascript frontend. As a team, we both decided we were passionate about travel and want to create a website for a small travel agency.

This site allows a user to make a reservation request for a given number of activities that the agency offeres trips for.

Trips are split up by the countries that those trips occur in.

Commit message:

added video demo section to the readme

README.md, after:

# Welcome to weTravel

Created by: Timothy Quirk and Dania Herrera

![](https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel_frontend/blob/master/assets/images/logo2.png)

In this repository you will find the front end for this project built with Javascript. The back end for this project is located in a different repository, located here: https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel.

## Video Demo

[![alt text][image]][reference link]

[image]: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/hyuwWChCl3M/1.jpg "weTravel Demo Video"
[reference link]: https://youtu.be/hyuwWChCl3M

Please click on the image above if you would like to see a video demo of the weTravel.

## Instructions for use

1. If you have not already, please click through to the back end repository, and set up the Rails back end which serves as the API for this project. You may find that here, along with instructions to set up the back end: https://github.com/tfquirk/weTravel. You will need to be running the rails server for the front end to function.

2. After forking and cloning this repository from github, switch into your newly cloned folder.

3. Run the command 'open index.html' in your terminal. This will launch the locally hosted website in your browser.

4. Click through the various webpages and feel free to explore the functionality provided by this application.

## Overview  

As a bit of background, this project was build as a part of our third module at the Flatiron School. Our project requirements were that we create our first full stack application using a Rails back end and a Javascript frontend. As a team, we both decided we were passionate about travel and want to create a website for a small travel agency.

This site allows a user to make a reservation request for a given number of activities that the agency offeres trips for.

Trips are split up by the countries that those trips occur in.
